<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>False Prophet</title>

    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="images/noc.png" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="reader.css" />

<script type="text/javascript">
function toggleMode() {
    var body = document.getElementsByTagName("body")[0];
    var btn = document.getElementById("toggleBtn");

    if (body.className === "light") {
        body.className = "dark";
        btn.innerHTML = "Light Mode";
    } else {
        body.className = "light";
        btn.innerHTML = "Dark Mode";
    }
}
</script>
</head>

<body class="light">

<div id="toggleWrapper">
    <button id="toggleBtn" onclick="toggleMode()">Dark Mode</button>
</div>
    <div id="nav">
      <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a> |
      <a href="about.xhtml">About</a> |
      <a href="gallery.xhtml">Gallery</a> |
      <a href="education.xhtml">Education</a> |
      <a href="hobbies.xhtml">Hobbies</a> |
      <a href="projects.xhtml">Projects</a> |
      <a href="contact.xhtml">Contact</a>
    </div>
<div id="container">
    <h1>False Prophet</h1>

    <p>Fath'r, please don't kill me.</p>
    <p>My Mother brought me to this world when she was 17, father was an older man. Mother said, father was her father's friend in the military. A man of the cloth who served the eagle of the union. A man of faith to God the almighty one who gave deliverance to the Israelites. That is Father. A man of faith who fed me his honor. </p>
    <p>Mother taught me to receive it with joy and utmost glee. Mother told me that the pain is a lie whispered by the devil's tongue. God blesses those who do as Father orders. No matter my cries, no matter my tears, acceptance is the only way that is possible for my place in heaven. I accept that. Father always says that God loves all of his creatures equally, and that his love is from Father himself. When Father receives orders from God, he will come to the room he placed me in, and say with his belt in his right hand and a rope in his left hand, "Child, give me what I want, it is the Lord's orders."</p>
    <p>Whenever Father wants to have his right upon me, he does. It was pain. Pain. Nothing but pain and suffering. It was the baptism of my soul. Father's acts cleans my soul of sins of doubt.</p>
    <p>Mother said that the pain is a lie from the devil, to blind us from the blessing of God's love. But the pain is far more than what Father could touch. It was a far deeper scar that the touch of fingers could not find, and the eyes God gave me could not see.</p>
    <p>Long before Father and Mother received me. God gave Father and Mother a homestead with animals with four legs and a farm of wheat. Father often comes back from the forest dragging a dead animal. Mother would cook the animal, and Father would nail the animal's head onto the wall of the homestead. Mother said that it was to ward the demons away. The flies are there to protect our lives from the monsters that live outside of our home.</p>
    <p>Many winters pass, sometimes in the sky, Mother would point at the Angels who fly way above the clouds, they would leave behind a trail of cloud. Those angels look at us on earth, looking at our deeds. Judging us.</p>
    <p>It was a day before autumn, Mother left me outside, she gave me sustenance of moving maggots and rotten flesh. Mother always said that this is God's blessing for us. Mother and Father eats sustenance that smelled unlike mine. It smelled delicious. Father and Mother has a food that is small and coloured vibrantly, Mother called it, God's Seed, and that it gives them happiness and joy. Gluttony made me ask her for one and there I tasted dirt from the waste pit. Father once locked me in the underground room when my hubris mind thought to taste his food, and for asking for God's Seed, Mother forced me to consume the dirty and ugly waste outside the outhouse. It was a mistake of mine, the Devil lead me astray and gave me greed and lust for what is not mine, envy. It was my hubris. That night in the underground room, I heard God. God told me that I am Father's successor. One day, I shall be the one who leads his faith.</p>
    <p>It was a colder autumn day, in the year when God took away all of the homestead's animals. It was God's wrath; all of our animals died in a strange way. The four-legged cattle dried and turned black, no blood came out when Father's blade entered its nape, only dark, night-coloured mud came out. The smell was of a rotting corpse, Father left in the well behind the homestead.</p>
    <p>Father was angry that day. Father kept screaming into the sky. Father kept screaming into the sky for mercy. Mercy from God. Father's face was red with anger when he broke the door to the barn. Father cried and cried, and the day turned dark. Mother threw me in the dark and cold room below the house. Mother could only cry. "This is for your own safety, my child," She said. That night was loud; Mother's screams were loud. God's Wrath. That night, God blessed me with the thing Father feared. Happiness. </p>
    <p>The sky rose into the sky, and there I stood staring at the door atop the stairs. Father swung it open. A belt in his right hand and a rope in his left hand. "Child... Give me what I want," Father said. Father's feet heavily stepped into the room underground. I looked at him, and I smiled. That was when I saw fear in his eyes. I walked forward, and I saw him flinch. He stopped in his tracks the same way the large horned animal does when they sees light from a lantern. I walked towards the stairs and I saw his shudder. I walked up the stairs, and Father turned around and closed the door. Father locked me inside this dark, damp room. </p>
    <p>No voice I heard, no food I consumed. God gave me a blessing, of not needing to eat or drink, a blessing from God, to usurp my father's throne. God is in me now.</p>
    <p>I stepped down the stairs and I sat at the foot of the stairs. That was when Father opened the door. He stood with an axe atop the stairs, and he slowly came down, the head of the axe hitting each step of the way. Father stood in front of me, he swung the axe up and just as the axe head was about to hit my face, my hand grabbed the axe's slender neck and stopped it. Fear struck Father's eyes. I smiled. Father's grip was gone, and Father fell on the floor. God showed me what I must do. Take Father's place. With the axe in my grasp, I flung the axe head upon his face. Father was silent. Father's face was split into two, both sides frozen in fear and dread.</p>
    <p>I swung. I swung. I swung. I swung. I swung. I swung. Father's head fell off his shoulders. I dropped the axe onto the floor now puddled with Father's dark red blood, and I raised his mangled head up into the sky of the damp and cold underground room. With the power God gave me, I split his face and now his head is two separate halves that is forbidden to be together again. Father's head skin I took off his skull and I wore it on top of my scalp. A crown God bestowed upon me. "Child, your God wants blood, and blood shall be sent," A voice echoed in the room. It must be God. I picked up Father's axe and I walked up the stairs. Mother was standing in front of the door to the outside. In her right hand was a knife, and on her left was a string of prayer beads.</p>
    <p>"Stay back, you demon! Stay back!" She cried, her right hand and knife waved at me with intent to end my life, the life God gave me. Though in my heart it was a shame that Mother was not given the same faith as I, even when she was the one who affirmed my faith in God. It is better to let her face God now, before her faith is clouded by the devil's lies.</p>
    <p>I raised my axe up and I chased after Mother. Mother fell, her eyes the same as Father's, laden with fear, even when heaven is in front of them. The axe head met the face, and the axe head reached the head of her spine. Her head split in half, I threw the axe aside. I took the knife from her hand and I sliced. I sliced. I sliced. I sliced. I sliced. I sliced. Now Mother's head was as Father's. I ripped the skin on Mother's head, and I too wore it on my head. I laughed. I laughed. I laughed. I laughed. I laughed. I laughed. The smile on my face was that  of a happy God's lamb. A happy prophet of God. </p>
    <p style="text-align: center;">- ~ * ~ -</p>
    <p>With the knife Mother gave me, I harvested Mother and Father's insides to decorate the room underground. It did not take long for me to bring down the dining table and the dining chairs below. I nailed Father to the chair and so does Mother. They look so happy without their dreaded faces. I placed their skulls on Mother's flower drawn plates and I sat them in front of their ascended bodies. I sat there on my seat, and I sewn one half of Father's face with a half of Mother's. An oracle from God, a gift from God. This crown of skin will protect me from the devil's whispers. </p>
    <p>Winter passed and Mother and Father's body are clean of any flesh. The crown I created never once left my head until today. The skin has rotted much too many and now none is left. I put on my best clothes and I left the homestead in flames. The crown of Father and Mothers' faces I left behind, I shall be the apostle who finds the lost lambs and bring them to God. This is God's orders. God wants me to spread his mercy. With Father's axe, Mother's knife and God's Seeds. I followed the dirt road out of the farm and there I met the large forest. Free of any of God's creations, no houses that God made, no farm, no barn, just trees and bones. All left by the devil. I walked more and more, and I fell into a pond. My clothes clouded by dirt and much, my axe gone.</p>
    <p>I stood up and carried forward, heading straight to where God keeps the sun at night. It was a march to hell. God is testing me. God wants me to succeed. The sun went up and was kept many times before the forest ends. When it ended, I met a land I am so unfamiliar with. I arrived at a road. The road was made of many little pebbles that seem to melt on top of the earth. I stood in the middle of the road where yellow patterns run for miles. Yellow lines decorated this odd road that spanned so far. The sun was rising from my back, that was when I saw a chariot, God's Chariot as Mother described, a horseless carriage with the sun for eyes and a roar louder than the Demons' cries. The chariot stopped in front of me.</p>
    <p>Is God here?</p>
    <p>Atop the roof the chariot, blue and red lanterns lit up. Mother told me once, the devil uses a chariot similar to God's, only the devil's chariot is adorned with red blood and blue rays. A shadow exited the chariot's body, their body towering. It must be the devil. "Are you alright?" The devil asked. I walked towards the devil, how dare he tried to lead this faithful lamb of God astray. I lunged at him and Mother's knife entered and exited his neck. The devil cried and blood rushed out of his mouth. God's wrath is righteous. The devil is dead. I stood up. The sun has now lit the day. I looked to where the sun will go, and I saw large pillars in the further. Large towers, as Mother said, where the sun goes to rest, there lies the tower of Babel, where the confused live. Where God wants me to preach his sermon. There I shall find the people who shall inherit the earth God created.</p>
    <p>I took the head of the devil off and I sat it atop the front of his Chariot.</p>
    <p style="text-align: center;">- ~ * ~ -</p>
    <p>I reached the city of Babel, and true to Mother's words, it was a city of confusion. I arrived in a place filled with men and women sitting on the floor. They seem to be clouded by the Devil's Juice. I sat beside one of them. He looked the most dirty. He has hair on his face that reached his chest. "Hello there friend," I said. This place must be where Babel throw away the people who were no longer confused.</p>
    <p>"Who the hell are you, punk?" The old man asked rudely. His mind must be riddled with doubt. </p>
    <p>"Just another one of God's lambs," I said.</p>
    <p>"Great, another one of those," The man stood up. "Get the hell out of here and don't disturb me," The man said. Mother said, God loves kindness, and when we see God's creatures who are facing God's test, we help them. I stood up, and I grabbed the man's arm.</p>
    <p>"Friend, it is never too late to enter God's warmth," I said to him. His eye is of one that is lost. I took out a God's Seed and I gave him the seed. His eye widened, and he grabbed it.</p>
	<p>"Got anymore of that shit?" He asked. Though his speech is rough, one cannot judge a victim as such for not knowing the manner.</p>
    <p>"I do," I said, I placed my hand on his shoulder and I whispered into his right ear. "Please do not fear, child, I'm God's messenger, follow me and you will always be in God's grace,"</p>
    <p style="text-align: center;">- ~ * ~ -</p>
	<p>It was a dark hall, abandoned by the people of Babel. The man I gave a seed to brought me here, he told me his name, Clark, he asked me for mine, and I told him nought. I stood on a platform at the end of the large hall, many people were there. They all seem to look like the Clark. The abandoned people of Babel. They all looked at me with contempt. But that is alright, this is God's test. To see my faith, to see if I could bring them under his grace. To save the lost lambs and be the shepherd to this flock.</p>
	<p>"My friends, the tower of Babel have abandoned you, but fret not my dear friends, God has sent me to help you all," They all looked dismissive, to the faithless, to the people without divinity in their hearts, I sound like a charlatan, a snake. "Your doubtful gazes are filled with scorn, and I, understand that scorn. For such a long time, for many winters, you have suffered without the help of God, but worry not more, I am here to help you. God is with me, for I am his messenger,"</p>
	<p>"PROVE IT! LIAR!" They screamed out. So, I raised Mother's knife and still stained with the blood of the devil, and I slashed my palm. Blood flowed down and I placed my bleeding palm on my face, staining my face with blood.</p>
	<p>"I have killed a demon with this knife, and with this knife I proof to you, the divinity in my blood," I said. I took out a God's Seed and I shattered it onto the puddle of blood I am holding in my palm. Drink this and you shall be enlightened. "Come my friends,"</p>
	<p>No one came forward. All of them faced each other. Right then, Clark stood beside me, I gave him a sip of my blood, and his eyes widened. Maybe after seeing him did the others know the divinity, the power of the God's Seeds. One after the other came and took a sip of holy blood from my bleeding palm. They stood with joy in their faces. They see heaven, they were enlightened.</p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
	<p></p>
<a href="writing.xhtml" class="niceLink">
    Reez's Written Stories and Essays
  </a>
</div>

</body>
</html>