<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>The Man on the Iron Island</title>
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="images/noc.png" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="reader.css" />

<script type="text/javascript">
function toggleMode() {
    var body = document.getElementsByTagName("body")[0];
    var btn = document.getElementById("toggleBtn");

    if (body.className === "light") {
        body.className = "dark";
        btn.innerHTML = "Light Mode";
    } else {
        body.className = "light";
        btn.innerHTML = "Dark Mode";
    }
}
</script>
</head>

<body class="light">

<div id="toggleWrapper">
    <button id="toggleBtn" onclick="toggleMode()">Dark Mode</button>
</div>
    <div id="nav">
      <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a> |
      <a href="about.xhtml">About</a> |
      <a href="gallery.xhtml">Gallery</a> |
      <a href="education.xhtml">Education</a> |
      <a href="hobbies.xhtml">Hobbies</a> |
      <a href="projects.xhtml">Projects</a> |
      <a href="contact.xhtml">Contact</a>
    </div>
<div id="container">
    <h1>The Man on the Iron Island</h1>
	<h5 style="text-align: center;">A Work In Progress</h5>

<p>Have you ever woke up in the morning looking forward to seeing people that you hold so dearly, people you thought you could trust, people who in your eyes you couldn’t live without but despite all that loyalty and love for them, your expectations were just you being delusional? </p>
<p>All the things you thought about them were proven to be lies. Have you ever looked straight into the mirror and look at the face your grandmother described as handsome or pretty and the only thing you see staring back at you looked like an empty husk that looked uncannily human but not human enough to be loved?</p>
<p>If you answered no, you’re a lucky soul and I wish that you will never have the chance to feel it, and to those who have felt it before, one day that feeling will be a dusty memory on a shelf lined with all the bad things in life in a storage depot in your mind. Sure now it seems like that Golden Era is a millennia away from today, maybe to you by the time that happens you’ll be stuck on a wheelchair surrounded by ungrateful kids waiting for you to flop dead like a trout after getting evicted from their river home in order to lay their grubby little hands on your hard earned cash. Well, what do I know, I’m only 37.</p>
<p>My name is Chris, last name omitted because I do not want to be associated with a bunch of asses that made me who I am today, a pathetic soul of no notable achievements. Yet, somehow, every ex-girlfriend I had calls me a selfish narcissistic fool. I was born in the early years of the 2000s. My childhood was typical, it was uneventful for a child during the time, neglectful busy and in-the-process-of getting a divorce parents, taken cared by grandparents, watching Thomas the Tank Engine on the telly, all the usual stuff. </p>
<p>I am a librarian, not a doctor like my mum wanted, not an engineer like my dad wanted, just a librarian, who is in the middle of being phased out by artificial intelligence. Working a dead-end job in post-meridiem Earth, the moon is colonised by the British Empire and the Communists in China, Mars is the 61st state of New America, and Africa, is as always, riddled with political violence and civil wars. I sat on my chair looking into the shining screen. Despite the advancements in technology, we’re still using the Second Edition of the Anglo-American Cataloguing Rules, alongside RDA (Resource Description Access) of course. The chair I’m sitting on is government property, thus means that it will break if I touch the height stick thing wrong. I got up from my chair, my cup of coffee is empty, the library has a lot of people yet the ones who come here are never people that wants to read and learn, those who come here are young people trying to get air-conditioning, or couldn’t pay for a room to have *** in, and they never try to at least be quiet enough. ******** the lot of them.</p>
<p>I look at my watch, it’s a knock-off I got from what's left of Thailand a few years past, I have three hours before my shift ends. I’m tired. I enterred the pantry and I grabbed the last 3-in-1 sachet of coffee. It has microplastics and lots of other chemicals you’d probably find in the quarantine zone, but it does magic at keeping me awake long enough to not rage and burn down the nearest government infrastructure, in this case, the building I’m in, the dimly lit city library. I poured some lukewarm water from the kettle into my mug and I stirred it with the pen that’s already in the mug. I sat back down behind the counter, the library lights were dim, some parts are flickering. My boss, a nepo-baby **** said that it’s a “save-the-earth” campaign, I say that is a bunch of ******** and the lights being this dim is just an excuse to hide the insane amount of nasty graffiti on the walls, floors and ceiling of this fine establishment.</p>
<p>Just as I sat down on the rickety chair, the automatic sliding doors open and 3 people ran inside. They had guns, and bags, and they were wearing masks. I stood up, my shirt has coffee stains, my tie is not proper and hair is unkempt, but with a customer service smile, I could probably lead them to the bank and not the decrepit library. “Sirs, this isn’t a bank, you’re in the wrong place,” I said. Those three ignored me, they aimed their guns outside and they opened fire. I saw the flashing blue lights outside, they must’ve passed the part of withdrawing the money, but haven’t passed the part of getting away with the withdrawn money. Honestly, with how I am feeling, and how **** the world is already, I do not mind getting shot, I can claim my insurance if I lived, and if I don’t it will simply not be my problem afterwards. “Ahem, do you have a membership?” I asked one of them, the one nearest to the counter. He aimed a gun at me. “That’s not very nice, anyhow, welcome to the Prince of Wales Library, do you have a membership-” I didn’t even finish my sentence, the rude nasty **** shoved the barrel of his rifle into my mouth. </p>
<p>“Shut the **** up,” he said, his voice sounded as if he was a broken carbon radio. “Where’s the back door?” he asked, his finger was off the trigger, rare to see proper trigger discipline in a place that outlawed all ballistic firearms for civilians. </p>
<p>“That’s for staff use only,” I said as I pushed the gun out of my mouth. “But for your information, it’s on the left,” I tasted iron in my mouth, the gun must’ve scratched my gums or something. “For the record, it will be nice if you shot me, I really want a government injury cheque.” I said with a smile on my face. </p>
<p>“Thank you,” the ******* said as he pushed me back and shot me in the guts. It hurt way worse than one would imagine. I fell onto my chair and it jolted down because I accidentally hit the height thing. The three assholes left and I was left there on the floor, bleeding out. I was coughing, cussing out, but I wasn’t crying, I didn’t care if I died, I just wished that I could have gone out and see the world with the government injury cheque. “**** my life,” I mumbled. No library patrons stood up or came to me, they were all too busy getting high or is too deep inside someone to disturb their synthetic orgasms. I wish I could eat a taco, always wanted to taste it. Oh, it’s getting dark.</p>
<p>As the saying goes, I am not being paid enough for this ****. I opened my eyes and I see the IV bag in all of its sterile beauty. I’m still alive. Apparently, the moment I wake up was the moment they were going to pull the plug on me, well not pull a plug, more like putting a bolt through my brain with a cattle gun. They dressed me in the clothes I was wearing the day I got shot, gave me the government cheque in a formal looking envelope and there I was, home. Well, if you can call a walk-in closet with a toilet and a mattress on the floor a home. The economy is real bad. I sat on the toilet and I opened the envelope, 5,000,000 Colony Pounds, or one and a half month worth of pay, At least I get money. Why didn’t I just die that day? God, if you want me on this earth please give me something better than this ****** cheque, if not I’m going to heaven just to slit your throat.</p>
<p>The next day came fast, wound still tingling but thanks to modern medicine, I can still work and not retire before my expiry date. The daily commute on the transit bus was as always, extremely bad. With the smell of dried *****, chemical bio-scrubber and freshly sweated armpits, I drank my morning shot of caffeine in a disposable faux-paper cup. “Train approaching New Nottingham Station. Mind the gap.” The robotic voice from the busted up train speaker said. I got off the train, off the station and I arrived at the library I got shot five centimetres away from the place that once housed my appendix. I entered the place, the vagrants inside sure make this place look like home if you call the underside of a bridge that would make the now non-existent WHO do somersaults at the amount of STI specimens you can get with one gentle swab between the limestone bricks. I clocked in and I sat on my chair, it’s still broken. Just as I turned my computer on, my boss came out of the office, she had her coffee in her hand. </p>
<p>“Hey Chris, how’s the stomach? Heard they shot you pretty good,” she sat on the counter. I ignored her. “You see, I have some work to do, and the Resident, bless his soul, said that libraries should be open for a much longer time, and since you’re the most senior librarian here, can I put you in charge with the night shift, only until they let me put another person on the job. You will?Thank you, you’re a ******* stud,” she left. I didn’t even say anything. I sighed. If I could I would have quitted by now. That ****, she’s younger than me by 10 years but she became director of the library because she shagged the Resident. I took a final sip from my coffee and threw it in the bin below the counter. Just as I did that, someone came to the counter. </p>
<p>“Hey there,” I looked at the face, it was a quite pretty girl wearing a Blue Square volunteer cap and a grey hoodie with curry stains. She looked mixed, a bit of Chinese and a bit of Causcasian. “Who was that disaster?” she asked with a smile, her eyes were quite captivating, one is red and the other is yellow, could be body-mods but that doesn’t change the allure of Heterochromia. </p>
<p>“That was my boss, anyhow, how can I help you today ma’am?” I asked with a customer service smile that was beaten into me by boarding school seniors who forced me to smile when they extinguish their cigarettes on the back of my neck. She passed me her membership card, it was made in 2041, it’s expired, but **** it. She doesn’t look like one of those typical women who jacked their body up with so much body-mods they ended with duck lips and airbag arses. No she looked natural.</p>
<p>“I want to borrow this book here, from the 800 rack upstairs, please” she said as she placed a hard cover book on the table. The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood by Howard Pyle, 1991 printing. “It’s a good book, just wanted to read it again,” she said. I picked the book up, and scanned the code inside.</p>
<p>“It’s an old book,” I said as I marked the date of return on the book. A week from now. “It’s quite tragic though,” I said as I passed the book to her. It’s not that I hate the work, it’s not good to wallow in pity about things of past.</p>
<p>“Just like life isn’t it?” she said and sighed.</p>
<p>“Your membership is expired by the way, miss…” I looked at the cardholder name section, Ellen Maxson, “Miss Maxson,” </p>
<p>“Ah really, so I can’t borrow?” she asked. She does have a pretty face, I looked around and the other people in here, who are inside abusing this place, none of them were readers. </p>
<p>“I waived it for you, no one actually goes to a library for books these days,” I said with the first genuine smile in the past 15 years. “Just remember to return the book,”</p>
<p>“Thank you very much, mister… what’s your name again? Silly me, I forgot to ask,” she said.</p>
<p>“It’s Chris, just call me Chris,” </p>
<p>“Well Chris, don’t you ever call me Miss Maxson anymore, call me Ellie,” she said with a smile as she hold out her hand for a handshake. I shook her hand and she left through the double doors. I laid my back to the seat and I looked at the decrepit ceiling, the asbestos falling out, the skylight dirty after years of neglect by maintenance. I sighed. That was the nicest human interaction I had in a while. Thank you God, for buying yourself some time. **** I fumbled that up so badly. </p>
<p>Night soon came and I am still inside, the sound of tables and shelves creaking from the constant pressure of someone using it as a *** dungeon is still so apparent. Same with the smell of a bum overdosing on Risperidone. I took a sip from my mug and I looked at the computer in front of me. I went from cataloguer to someone who sits behind the desk. A job with no actual responsibility. When I was studying, we had subjects where we learn about attracting people to the library, I don’t need to do that here, because it’s already a glorified brothel. The police won’t do anything, when they do come here, it’s for drugs, *** and/or a dodgy deal with the local truants and ruffians. This reminds me of when I volunteered as a school assistant librarian in high school, no one actually goes to the library to read books, they’re just there to have a date or to masturbate to the renaissance art book. Ingenuity or incel behaviour, either way, it’s not good PR. I plugged in my wired headphones to the computer, put on some music and I leaned back onto the chair, and I closed my eyes. I hate my life. I hate everything but Ellie Maxson, you’re the most beautiful thing I’ve seen after so long.</p>
<p>“Sir? Sir? Wake up sir,” a voice ordered me, I opened my eyes and I saw the black hat with the blue lights. “Sir, you work here right?” the policeman asked me. He had his torch shining into my face. I took my headphones off. He turned the torch off.</p>
<p>“Yeah, why?” I look up, the sun was shining through from the skylight, that’s a rare sight.</p>
<p>“Some Guthrie-Alexender exec jumped from the tower behind this building,” </p>
<p>“What does that have to do with me?” I asked.</p>
<p>“Well, that poor son-of-a-***** is on your carpet,” he said. I stood up and looked over the counter. It was no doubt the shape of a man, albeit a bit spread like Bovril on wheat. His suit, despite being splattered with guts, bones and bits of blood, still looked expensive. His shoes are intact though, quite fabulously so. “We’re just going to send a crime scene cleaner here, is that alright with you?” the policeman asked.</p>
<p>“Yeah, please do get the bits of man out of the carpet,”</p>
<p>“Will do,” he replied. I looked at the shoes this dead flattened man was wearing before he became our dearly departed, and I looked at mine. Leather formal boots that survived something hundred floors with no scratch, or my slip-on leather shoes with different soles, which one is better? “Can I get his shoes perchance?” I asked the policeman.</p>
<p>“His shoes? Yeah sure, he’s not going to need it,” the policeman said as he grabbed the boots off the dead man’s feet and gave it to, there are bits of human matter on it, but it’s a pre-loved item you can’t complain. “What’re you going to do with it?” he leaned on the counter.</p>
<p>“Use it as a hat,” I said sarcastically, “What else am I supposed to use a pair of boots for? To call my mum in hell?” I said as I placed it under the counter. The policeman laughed. </p>
<p>“I should’ve known the asshole that got shot in the library by bank robbers would have a few screw loose in their brain, my name, the one as ordained by God almighty, is Muhammad Rahman, but my friends call me Roy, and you my friend, can call me Roy,” </p>
<p>“Chris, just call me Chris,” </p>
<p>“Well Chris, you should do something about the smell of ***** here, it’s dissolving my nose hair.” he said as he left the premises.</p>
<p>“Wear a mask then,” I said under my breath as I sat down. I looked at the clock on the computer, and it said 10:54 in the morning. I didn’t clock out yesterday. Damn it. I stood up and I looked at the machine I’m supposed to clock in and out of. I look at the body on floor. I can blame this on the dead dude. There are no working cameras in this building, someone stole the fibre optics cable for them ages ago. I grabbed my new pair of boots and I smacked it on the machine, the cheap plastic frame was no match to high quality heels of this pair of shoes. Electric sparks flashed and I sat back down on the chair. I took my phone out, the screen was cracked, and I called the *****, but she didn’t answer. Voicemail should suffice. “Boss, the time track machine is ******, I did overtime. I’m going home until they cleaned out the corpse at the lobby,” I said. I took my shoes off, threw it at the corpse, and I put on my new pair of boots. Just the right size too. </p>
<p>I was on my bed, I could hear my unemployed upstairs neighbours rumbling on their creaking metal bed. I haven’t taken a bath, and have stared at the ceiling for more than an hour. How long have they been going at it? I looked at my watch. Longer than I would have lasted. </p>
<p>I walked down the streets and I took a sip of the strong chemical after-taste in the air. Very not fresh. I walked along the pavement heading to the ocean. I arrived at the edge of the island, it was only a short distance away. I looked at the blue-ish, green-ish, trash-filled body of water and I sat on the short wall separating the pavement and the sharp rocks 20 metres below with my body facing the water. The unmanned strait turrets were watching the waves as always. The rust and bird waste covering it’s metal body is a sight no one would like. The port off the Island on the mainland looked just as bad as yesterday, but today, they have a Royal Navy Corvette anchored there. A rare sight I must say, but not that amazing. Ships are just like islands too, but way ******** in build quality, unlike islands, they sink when shot. I don’t know how long I sat on that wall, but the moment I started getting hungry, the sky was already the colour of fire.</p>
<p>I walked back home. I didn’t go on the train today, I’m not coming to work tomorrow. I walked along the pavement, slowly, lazily. The neon signs and the billboards all over the place looks so ugly. As the night begins and the day ends, more people seem to be out and about. All sorts of colours, all looking so unnatural, all so uncanny. Their bright pink and turquoise clothes, shoes taller than a dog, hair with more than twenty colours, and those elongated lips. I was getting tired, so I stopped at this noodle stall, the old woman cooking behind a square island of a stall looked the most human to me today. </p>
<p>“You’re new,” the woman spoke. Her hair was white, and she was wearing a Kurung Kedah dress. “What’s your taste?” she asked, her eyes not looking at me, just busy with the wok.</p>
<p>“Spicy, please,”</p>
<p>“Okay,” she replied, not even looking at me. I thought it was going to take a while, but it was less than a minute and in front of me was a plate of spicy fried noodles. “19,000 Cols,” the woman replied. I took my wallet out and I gave her 20,000. She gave me back my 1,000. “You want a drink?”</p>
<p>“Sure, what do you have?” I replied.</p>
<p>“Tap water,”</p>
<p>“Sure.” I said and she placed a cup in front of me. “Thanks,” and she nodded before going back to her wok and stove.</p>
<p>“You smell like dead people, you police?” the woman asked.</p>
<p>“No ma’am,”</p>
<p>“Bad people then,”</p>
<p>“Still, not my day job,” I replied.</p>
<p>“Ah, part time bad people, careful, you could get shot,” she replied as she came back to me and placed a hard boiled egg in my bowl. She turned the TV in front of me on and it was the news. The screen showed the Queen waving her hand from the bridge of a warship.</p>
<p>“Her majesty the Queen, the Royal Navy’s Flagship, the HMS Prince of Wales, and the Crown’s Austronesian Fleet has begun its path from the Commonwealth of New Zealand to visit the islands and archipelagos under her Majesty’s rule, CAF fleet will visit the Crown Colony of Fiji, North Borneo, Singapore, Malacca and Penang before ending the noble visit in Burma.” </p>
<p>“The armada is coming you know, means we are getting money,” the old woman said. “I was British Army, 30 years service, worked with intelligence in the war,” she said as she took out a piece of browned paper from her apron pocket. She gave it to me. I looked at it, it was a woman wearing a British Army uniform from 30 years ago sitting on a pile of human corpses with a rifle slung on her shoulder. She took the picture back. “I killed so many Republicans, they give me Merit Medal,” she said before continuing to cook. I honestly don’t know what to do with that information.</p>
<p>I started eating. It was good, it was so good. It wasn’t the spicy most of the stall nowadays have, it was a spicy taste that made my mouth water for more. The noodles were chewy but smooth, and the chicken were soft. It’s the best bowl of noodles I’ve had in my entire life. I stood up from the chair I sat on and I continued my walk home. The city, despite the smell and debauchery, it’s welcoming in a sense that I’m used to it. I arrived home, the stupidly small home I own until the government decided that the land value is too low and bulldoze it into a gallery.</p>
<p>I laid down on my bed, and I looked at the ceiling. I took my boots off and I stared at the ceiling again. I can’t do this everyday.</p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>

<a href="island2.xhtml" class="niceLink">
    Check out More From The Same Universe!
  </a>
  
<a href="writing.xhtml" class="niceLink">
    Reez's Written Stories and Essays
  </a>
  
</div>

</body>
</html>