<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Meaningful Education for a Nation’s Progress, Innovation and Inclusiveness</title>
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="images/noc.png" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="reader.css" />

<script type="text/javascript">
function toggleMode() {
    var body = document.getElementsByTagName("body")[0];
    var btn = document.getElementById("toggleBtn");

    if (body.className === "light") {
        body.className = "dark";
        btn.innerHTML = "Light Mode";
    } else {
        body.className = "light";
        btn.innerHTML = "Dark Mode";
    }
}
</script>
</head>

<body class="light">

<div id="toggleWrapper">
    <button id="toggleBtn" onclick="toggleMode()">Dark Mode</button>
</div>
    <div id="nav">
      <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a> |
      <a href="about.xhtml">About</a> |
      <a href="gallery.xhtml">Gallery</a> |
      <a href="education.xhtml">Education</a> |
      <a href="hobbies.xhtml">Hobbies</a> |
      <a href="projects.xhtml">Projects</a> |
      <a href="contact.xhtml">Contact</a>
    </div>
<div id="container">
    <h1>Meaningful Education for a Nation’s Progress, Innovation and Inclusiveness</h1>
	<h5 style="text-align: center;">Essay by Rizq Syahmi Bin Muhammad Fuad for the 2025 Tengku Ahmad Rithauddeen Essay Writing Competition</h5>
    <p style="text-align: center;">“It is the very nature of life to strive to continue in being. Since this continuance can be 
secured only by constant renewals, life is a self-renewing process. What nutrition and 
reproduction are to physiological life, education is to social life.” John Dewey, 1930.</p>
    
	<p>The advent of a new era always brings forth a trying time where the preparations of yesterday 
plays a role too huge for a person to carry without the proper training and guidance, and that 
proper training and guidance is education, meaningful education. However, the topic of 
meaningful education for a single person in a trying era is not the topic of this essay, instead 
the thematic that will be discussed is regarding a collective of people united under the flag of 
a nation. Education, in its roots, belongs under the umbrella of social sciences, and as 
mentioned above in the quote by John Dewey, education is the constant renewal of life. To
actualise the title into our reality; meaningful education for a nation’s progress, innovation and 
inclusiveness, it is vital for a person to understand the definition and meaning behind it.</p>
	<p>First and foremost, the simplification of the goals of this essay can be summarised as 
this; through the usage of meaningful education to achieve the goals of national progress, 
innovation and inclusiveness. The definition of meaningful education, according to the Oxford 
Learner’s Dictionary, meaningful is serious and important, and education is a process of 
teaching, training and learning, especially in schools, colleges or universities, to improve 
knowledge and develop skills, as for the term “meaningful education”, in the logical sense, can 
be defined as; the serious and important process of teaching, training and learning formally in 
an educational organisation. To define national progress, innovation, and inclusiveness, it is 
important to know in terms of what the definition should be. For the definition of national 
progress, the criteria that will be considered are Gross Domestic Product (GDP), 
unemployment rates and crime and incarceration rates. Next, Innovation can be measured 
through the increase in development in country through the usage of domestic assets and the 
decrease in import dependency. Lastly, inclusiveness can be defined in two ways, the 
diversification of domestic productivity across different sectors whilst providing equal 
opportunities for success towards all citizens of Malaysia without the separation of gender, 
race and religion, and the globalisation of Malaysian interests in a way that benefits the nation
entirely and is according to the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) made by the United 
Nations (UN).</p>
	<p>How is a meaningful education related to any of the listed benchmarks? Starting with 
the benchmarks for progress. Firstly, GDP, a nation’s GDP plays a vital role in attracting 
investors and tourists, how does a meaningful education contribute to the GDP is through the 
number of professionals born and raised in the nation; by producing more educated people, 
the nation is able to churn out a much more educated workforce to work the demands of the 
new world. Next, unemployment rates, the more educated a country is, the more jobs’
opportunities appear through the formation of new firms and companies, through the 
expansion of a government agency or body. Lastly, according to Lance Lochner (2012), “the 
role of education as a human capital investment that increases future legitimate work 
opportunities, which discourages participation in crime”, this meant that the more educated a 
person is, the more they understand the value of hard work rather than submitting to a life of 
crime. All of these can then also be related to the next two requirements of the essay, the 
innovation of the nation and the inclusiveness, can all be related to the three reasons as to 
why education is as important as it sounds. Innovation is something that happens through 
thinking, and to think in a mature and logical way, a person requires an education first, same 
with inclusiveness, to promote diversity in the nation itself, to provide a quality education and 
environment for all requires a thinking mind devoid of childish xenophobia and the best way 
to rid the world of childish and immature xenophobic thoughts is through education, and the 
globalisation of Malaysian interests, to increase the standings of our country in the eyes of the 
world and the global books of index and happiness, we need an education.</p>
	<p>To realise these goals through meaningful education, it is essential that we must first 
address the weaknesses in the current system of education. Firstly, the problem of access. 
“Most children in Malaysia receive, 11 years of education, although there is a substantial 
number of out of school children. Adolescents are more at risk of dropping out of secondary 
school than younger children at primary school,” Kirsten Anderson and Dr. Justine Barrett
(2020), the unavailability of access to education for them can be due to the costs required to
send children to school and the accessibility of the education itself. The public schooling 
system has been made available by the Malaysian Government, particularly through the 
Ministry of Education (MOE) and Ministry of Higher Education (MOHE), but the fact that 
access to an education is still not available to many children in Malaysia, particularly in many 
rural areas in Sabah and Sarawak, and other small islands along the coasts of both the 
peninsula and Borneo. Secondly, the problem of quality of education. To achieve Goal 4 of the 
UN SDG of “Quality Education”, it is important to improve the quality of teachers. According to 
Mohd Rahimi A Rahman and Mohammad Faiz Ikhlas (2022) who cited the “Pelan 
Pembangunan Pembelajaran Malaysia 2015” or 2015 Malaysian Education Blueprint (MEB), 
only 55.1% of teachers achieved the rating of excellence when assessed with the Unified 
Instrument Assessment (UI or PBPPP), this is not enough to meet the demands of the 
increasingly fast progress of the world, and in the 2022 MEB, the percentage of teachers that 
achieved an excellent level in HOTs-based Teaching and Learning is 43.35%. Both numbers 
are of different scales of assessment, yet both are needed to be considered. To meet the 
demands of Goal 4 of the UN SDG, it is vital that the training and development of teachers 
and teaching personnel is improved.</p>
	<p>To improve upon this symptom in the current education landscape, it is important for 
the government to first improve the accessibility of education across the country through the 
construction of new educational infrastructure in rural lands and/or providing better access to 
the internet through the construction of more connection towers for an easier access to online 
learning, and secondly through improving the education provided to the educational staff and 
to increase the rigidity of the training to provide a much more professional teaching force. The 
product of implementing these suggestions is a much more discipline and able-bodied line of 
teachers, and the total educational coverage for all citizens without accounting of their gender, 
race and religion.</p>
	<p>Firstly, the construction of new educational infrastructure and building communication
towers in rural areas not only provides the citizens without access to education to the wider 
world, but it also improves the citizens connect ability. By building new infrastructures, we 
increase the need for jobs, slowly decreasing the unemployment rate, and by building 
communication towers, we slowly increase the access to information and increase information 
literacy, all of this slowly builds up to Malaysia achieving all the SDG goals. However, this 
suggestion is not without its obstacles, the construction of all the infrastructures requires an
exorbitant amount of funds that can range from 100 million ringgit all the way to a billion, 
depending on the scale. This of course, with it being a rural development project, logistic
issues also come into play when it comes to transporting building materials into a large
rainforest area, where the most reliable method of transportation is either by foot or by boat. 
That is not to say that it is not a worthy sacrifice for the future, everything is possible if everyone 
joined hands to manifest this dream into a reality.</p>
	<p>Secondly, the gradual improvement of education provided to the teaching staff and the 
implementation of a much more rigid and rigorous curriculum and grading system for a much 
more professional teaching force. By improving the quality given to the teachers, the quality 
of the students will improve also, by that logic, it is safe to assume that the more amazing a 
teacher is, the students will follow suit. By providing the teachers a better education and 
training, they can provide their students much better guidance. The con of this suggestion is 
that it will increase the stress on the teachers and could possibly decrease the number of 
teachers in the country, which in on itself a very dangerous thing. To counter that, it is vital for 
the government to appreciate teachers more by providing them a different pay grade that is 
higher than the same class of qualification and governmental grade in a non-educational body 
or agency or extra compensation in the form of quarterly or bi-annually bonuses based on their 
assessment results.</p>
	<p>When both were implemented on a national level, the quality of graduates will force 
the nation to not only progress in a much better way, but the nation will also achieve the 
standing of a well-developed nation. Through the increase in information literacy, and the 
increase in educational participation across all the citizens backgrounds, the SDG goals of 
developing into a self-sufficient, self-reliant and developed nation is not a fantasy. With more 
educated citizens it is not unrealistic for our nation to be above the clouds when it comes to 
our domestic happiness level. By providing quality education, the nation will progress and 
continue to improve, with the increase in GDP, turning the country into a country with 0% 
unemployment rate, and turning the nation that has no need for prisons. The products of the 
country will carry forward and provide a much brighter day for all the citizens, making us a 
strong force against the tide of time and international conflicts.</p>
	<p>Education is not only for the young, and the new, and the rich, and the upper class, it 
is for everyone, no matter their background, race, religion, gender, or caste. It is for everyone;
the world requires us to act against the injustice of not allowing education to become 
something accessible for everyone. The times will be tough, and tougher, the flow of time stops 
for no one, and if we do not act now to provide everyone in our beautiful nation the chance to 
receive a formal education, then we are no different than those who chose not to help those 
in need. Education is the continuance of life, without it, we are as good as the extinct animals 
that we killed off in our dance against nature. The consequences may not come now, may not 
come tomorrow, but mark my words, if education is not vital now, in the next 100 years we will 
be bound to repeat the same mistakes as our ancestors did hundreds of years ago.</p>
<h5 style="text-align: center;">References</h5>
	<p>Department of Statistics Malaysia. (n.d.). Gross Domestic Product (GDP) | OpenDOSM. 
OpenDOSM. https://open.dosm.gov.my/dashboard/gdp</p>
	<p>education noun - Definition, pictures, pronunciation and usage notes | Oxford Advanced 
Learner’s Dictionary at OxfordLearnersDictionaries.com. (n.d.). 
https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/education</p>
	<p>Explanation for SDG 4 performance. (n.d.). https://sdg-for-malaysian-states-sdsn.hub.arcgis.com/pages/explanation-for-sdg-4-performance</p>
	<p>J. Dewey. (1930). Democracy and education: An introduction to the philosophy of education. 
The Macmillan Company.</p>
	<p>meaningful adjective - Definition, pictures, pronunciation and usage notes | Oxford Advanced 
Learner’s Dictionary at OxfordLearnersDictionaries.com. (n.d.). 
https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/meaningful?q=meaningf
ul</p>
	<p>Ministry of Education, Malaysia. (2015). 2015 Annual report Malaysia Educational Blueprint 
2013-2025. MOE Malaysia.</p>
	<p>Ministry of Education, Malaysia. (2017). 2017 Annual report Malaysia Educational Blueprint 
2013-2025. MOE Malaysia.</p>
	<p>Ministry of Education, Malaysia. (2022). 2022 Annual report Malaysia Educational Blueprint 
2013-2025. MOE Malaysia.</p>
	<p>R. Hjalmarsson and L. Lochner. (2012) The impact of education on crime: International 
evidence. CESifo DICE Report 2/2012. 49-55. 
https://www.ifo.de/DocDL/dicereport212-rr.pdf</p>
	<p>Radcliffe, B. (2024, July 1). How education and training affect the economy. Investopedia. 
https://www.investopedia.com/articles/economics/09/education-training-advantages.asp</p>
	<p>Rahman, M. R. A., and Ikhlas, M. F. (2022). Teacher quality: Malaysian Teacher Standard. 
International Journal of Academic Research in Business and Social Sciences, 12(7). 
https://doi.org/10.6007/ijarbss/v12-i7/13054</p>
	<p>THE 17 GOALS | Sustainable Development. (n.d.). https://sdgs.un.org/goals</p>
	<p>UNICEF. (n.d.). Situation analysis of adolescents in Malaysia. UNICEF.</p>
	<p>United Nations. (2015). Incheon declaration and framework for action for the implementation 
of sustainable development goal 4. United Nations.</p>
<a href="writing.xhtml" class="niceLink">
    Reez's Written Stories and Essays
  </a>
</div>

</body>
</html>