<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Reez's Written Stories and Essays</title>
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="images/ico.png" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="riddex.css" />
  <script type="text/javascript" src="riddexscript.js"></script>
</head>

<body onload="init()"> 
 <div id="container">

    <div id="header">
      <h1>Hobby : Reez's Written Stories and Essays</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="nav">
      <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a> |
      <a href="about.xhtml">About</a> |
      <a href="gallery.xhtml">Gallery</a> |
      <a href="education.xhtml">Education</a> |
      <a href="hobbies.xhtml">Hobbies</a> |
      <a href="projects.xhtml">Projects</a> |
      <a href="contact.xhtml">Contact</a>
	  	    <button onclick="toggleDarkMode()">Toggle Dark Mode</button>
    </div>
  <h1>Reez's Written Stories and Essays</h1>

  <p>The stories and essays are in the links below. You will be directed to a specialised reading webpage (NOCTA Reader by Reezers (me)) for each story and essay. All ratings follow the ESRB standard.</p>
  <h3>Stories</h3>
<table border="1" cellpadding="5" cellspacing="0">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Rating</th>
      <th>Title</th>
      <th>Synopsis</th>
      <th>Links to the work</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">M</td>
      <td>False Prophet (2025)</td>
      <td>A child raised in isolation by abusive, religious parents is taught that pain and obedience are holy, and grows up believing their suffering is God’s will. As the family falls apart, the child, convinced they are acting on divine guidance, kills their parents and takes on a chosen role.</td>
      <td>  <a href="falseprophet.xhtml" class="niceLink">
    Click Here
  </a></td>
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">E</td>
	  <td>Meaningful Education for a Nation’s Progress, Innovation and Inclusiveness (2025)</td>
      <td>“It is the very nature of life to strive to continue in being. Since this continuance can be 
secured only by constant renewals, life is a self-renewing process. What nutrition and 
reproduction are to physiological life, education is to social life.” John Dewey, 1930.</td>
      <td>  <a href="meaningful.xhtml" class="niceLink">
    Click Here
  </a></td>
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">T</td>
      <td>The Man on the Iron Island (2026)</td>
      <td>A Work In Progress. A bitter, disillusioned man, Chris, lives a life shaped by neglect, bullying, and emotional detachment, leaving him cynical about love, trust, and human connection. Living in alternate history Penang, he lives a meaningless routine, surviving violence, corruption, and his own apathy. Just as his existence feels entirely hollow, a brief, genuine interaction with a kind young woman named Ellen offers a fleeting glimpse of warmth and humanity, subtly challenging his deeply rooted despair and hinting that even in a broken world, there could be something to live for.</td>
      <td>  <a href="island.xhtml" class="niceLink">
    Click Here
  </a></td>
    </tr>
	
	    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">M</td>
      <td>DOMINION : The Worldbuilding Behind - The Man on the Iron Island (2025 - Present)</td>
      <td>The history, politics and background of the world The Man on the Iron Island was created in an alternate universe where Malaysia, Singapore, Singapore, parts of Kalimantan became a British Dominion following the conclusion of World War II. The story of The Man on the Iron Island is set in the year 2043.</td>
      <td>  <a href="island2.xhtml" class="niceLink">
    Click Here
  </a></td>
    </tr>
	
		    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">M</td>
      <td>Flügel (2019 - 2025)</td>
      <td>[IN HIATUS] Flügel is my first ever try at creating my own universe. It's creation started in the year 2019 and it has been in progress for the past 6 years. Currently in Hiatus.</td>
      <td>  <a href="flugel.xhtml" class="niceLink">
    Click Here
  </a></td>
    </tr>
	
  </tbody>
</table>

   <div id="footer">
   <p>Reez's Things and Doodads 2026</p>
   </div>
</div>

</body>

</html>
